# Purpose and Goals:
> The purpose of this project is to showcase my curiosity, perseverance, and innovation, as well as simply practice my skills and learn new tools. The work accomplished here was not done under the assumption that this is exactly the type of work I'd be doing on a day-to-day basis at Work Truck. As far as generating streamlined dashboards and reports, tools like Domo, SSRS and Tableau would be easier and superior solutions in many ways. Although, it is very true that the mini dashboard I've created could be iterated on, extended, and scaled to serve as a highly customizable reporting tool either internally or for customers (deploying to either a local server or a cloud platform with more memory and cpu power would greatly aid the notebooks, rather than poor Heroku). Rather than scraping data and reading CSV files, these notebooks could pull from a database for analysis of far more data in a far easier fashion.
# Project Description:
> The basic outline and workflow of this project is as follows:
- Develop a scraping tool to grab pickup truck data from a few western zip codes on https://www.comvoy.com/
- Write the scraped data to CSV files for persistence
- Process, clean, and organize the data with python pandas
- Develop a custom dashboard with the help of voila and ipywidgets for interactivity and deployment
- Implement a rough ML model to predict the prices of trucks with 'Call for Pricing' as their listed price
> With regards to the actual project itself, one of the main question's I'm curious to answer is whether or not providing an estimated price for trucks that have 'Call for Pricing' could increase the click rate for those listings. This was the impetus behind the machine learning model to estimate those prices. The model itself is far from perfect as both the transmission and vehicle trim columns would need to be fuly parsed and grouped accordingly as there is currently far too many different variations on the same spec (like '8 speed-auto' and '8 speed-automatic' for example). In the long run, ideally an A/B test could be performed to determine for certain that listing estimated prices would produce more clicks on the same product listing. With all of my projects, I display perseverance by learning new tools and testing new ideas (which inevitably leads to numerous hiccups), and this was no different. I learned more about Plotly, ipywidgets, and Voila to generate the interactive visualizations and maintain interactivity when deployed to a platform other than my local machine. Picking up new software is not something I struggle with. Additionally, I believe the project itself to be a great exercise in innovation. Even if there are different ways of accomplishing the same task, I relish the opportunity to showcase my skills and create something entirely my own, with the hope that it may be an improvement on existing solutions in at least some small way.
>Finally, I certainly recognize that I have plenty of room for improvement and I continually practice my existing skills and learn new skills daily. Self-learning is something I'm highly capable of and simply enjoy. That said, I don't want to sell myself short at all; I'm fully confident in my abilities and believe I could be a valuable asset to the company.

